    added quiz on commonly missed words

    Statistics page on most commonly missed words, hardest categories, least practiced categories

    Still need to figure out sql query to generate hardest categories, least practiced categories in order

    migrate db to postgresql database

Completed 9/19

    fix html css for Statistics pages
    fix typo on home page ...decribe to describe...
    clean up deprecated views as well as html
    add back to home stats from stats view
    add back to quiz home from home stats

    end of version???
    commit then merge then push

Completed 9/19

    Create new version branch, start working on users and authentication?
    make user specific data and compile data from all users to suggest new features for users.

---

    Create ability to create users first, create relationship with words second.

---

    Ability to create users, login, and restrict access to logged in users has been implemented

Completed 9/21

    -Need to fix UI for login and logout pages. auto form validation is built for a single column flex box, specifically the failed form validation error responses take up a cell to themselves.
    -try linking users to words and see if many to many relationship between users and words will let each individual have a seperate sorted access for their own categories and protection from modifying another users words.

    -What was Actually completed: Created many to many relationship between users and words, auto create this relationship every time a word is translated to the logged in user, if word already exists in the collective database, just create relationship to this word from user. seperate database views created for user specific words.

Completed 9/26

    -Still Need to fix UI for login and logout pages. auto form validation is built for a single column flex box, specifically the failed form validation error responses take up a cell to themselves.

    -Need to create user specific quizzes and user specific statistics. not sure how to collect stats for the specific user yet. have to maybe form another table?
